In accordance with Learning Engineering practices,
all pages should generally have learning objectives.
You have already seen how you can create
learning objectives from the learning objectives page.
At the top of each content page in a tourists course,
you can select
or create learning objective for that page.
If you already created a learning objective that you want to map to the page,
you can select and attach it by checking the box beside in the drop down menu.
You can also create a new learning objective here
by directly typing it in the learning objectives bar
and clicking
create new objective when you're done.
You can have multiple learning objectives on the same page.